optical photoelectric sensors have three
function principles and are divided into
three types for example reflecting from
the object
these sensors radiate and receive
related light from the object located in
the active zone of become as soon as
definite light energy is picked up there
is relevant output logic level distance
between the sensor and object depends on
dimensions of the detected object color
roughness etc structurally the eMeter in
the receiver are in one housing there
are sensor is reflecting for milk factor
the sensors emit and receive light being
reflected from special reflectors and
when an object intercepts the beam there
is an output signal operating range
depends on the environment dust smoke
etc structurally the emitter and
receiver are mounted in one housing
through beam sensors have separate light
source and receiving implicated one
against the other
any object caught in the zone of light
beam intercepts this beam and causes
changing in logic output series of
voltage optical sensors consist of an
infrared emitting diode and NPM silicon
optical Tony transistor these components
are located on crossing optical axis in
black thermoplastic housing the detector
creates by the infrared emitting diode
only when the reflecting objects pass
the detector field of view series of
slit type optical sensors consists of an
infrared emitting diode directed to the
optical detector with Schmitt trigger
and located in that terminal plastic
housing the detector
act creates when a non transparent
object classes this slit between the
emitter and the detector the main
parameters of optic sensors are slit
width firstly type sensors detecting
range for wall type sensors photo
receiver dimensions out type
installation manner for the electric
sensors optical sensors optical
proximity switch and proximity switch
are used in many industries to provide
precise object detection without
physical contact in most versions a
photoelectric sensor is considered as an
switch device web in our live functions
as a mechanical drive or a lever arm
photoelectric sensors detect changes in
light intensity
it means the light can be reflected or
intercepted by the detected object to
detect an object by the photoelectric
sensor the following conditions are
important the object should cause enough
change in light intensity level received
by the sensor and the user should be
aware of detection requirements